unbundling Little Smalltalk System
making subdirectory /parser
unbundling parser.y
unbundling parser.lex
unbundling parse1.c
unbundling parse2.c
unbundling disclaim
unbundling Makefile
unbundling cmds.h
unbundling drive.h
unbundling env.h
unbundling parser.h
unbundling primnum.h
unbundling y.tab.h
unbundling y.tab.c
unbundling lex.yy.c
unbundling uchar.c
making subdirectory /sources
unbundling disclaim
unbundling Makefile
unbundling block.h
unbundling byte.h
unbundling file.h
unbundling interp.h
unbundling number.h
unbundling object.h
unbundling primitive.h
unbundling process.h
unbundling string.h
unbundling symbol.h
unbundling sstr.c
unbundling symbols
unbundling newmal.c
unbundling main.c
unbundling object.c
unbundling line.c
unbundling class.c
unbundling number.c
unbundling symbol.c
unbundling string.c
unbundling byte.c
unbundling array.c
unbundling file.c
unbundling primitive.c
unbundling syms.c
unbundling cldict.c
unbundling process.c
unbundling interp.c
unbundling block.c
unbundling courier.c
unbundling lex.c
unbundling drive.c
unbundling lexcmd.c
making subdirectory /prelude
unbundling Makefile
unbundling savescript
unbundling init
unbundling acollection.st
unbundling array.st
unbundling bag.st
unbundling block.st
unbundling boolean.st
unbundling bytearray.st
unbundling char.st
unbundling class.st
unbundling collection.st
unbundling dictionary.st
unbundling false.st
unbundling file.st
unbundling float.st
unbundling form.st
unbundling integer.st
unbundling interval.st
unbundling kcollection.st
unbundling larray.st
unbundling list.st
unbundling magnitude.st
unbundling nil.st
unbundling number.st
unbundling object.st
unbundling pen.st
unbundling point.st
unbundling process.st
unbundling radian.st
unbundling random.st
unbundling scollection.st
unbundling semaphore.st
unbundling set.st
unbundling smalltalk.st
unbundling string.st
unbundling symbol.st
unbundling true.st
making subdirectory /tests
unbundling Makefile
unbundling in
unbundling 4queen.st
unbundling 8queen.st
unbundling basic.st
unbundling blocks.st
unbundling check.st
unbundling collect.st
unbundling cond.st
unbundling control.st
unbundling copy.st
unbundling fib.st
unbundling file.st
unbundling fork.st
unbundling generator.st
unbundling new.st
unbundling num.st
unbundling penshow.st
unbundling phil.st
unbundling plane.st
unbundling prime.st
unbundling prime3.st
unbundling prime4.st
unbundling primes.st
unbundling prob.st
unbundling sim1.st
unbundling sim2.st
unbundling sim3.st
unbundling super.st
unbundling temp.st
unbundling turing.st
unbundling visitor.st
unbundling 4queen.out
unbundling basic.out
unbundling blocks.out
unbundling collect.out
unbundling copy.out
unbundling file.out
unbundling fork.out
unbundling new.out
unbundling num.out
unbundling phil.out
unbundling primes.out
unbundling sim1.out
unbundling sim2.out
unbundling sim3.out
unbundling super.out
making subdirectory /docs
unbundling READ_ME
unbundling Makefile
unbundling macros
unbundling books
unbundling BUGS
unbundling INDEX
unbundling install
unbundling userman
unbundling apndx1
unbundling st.1
unbundling syntax
making subdirectory /bin
